README.md, before:

# Why

There are several similar tools to this one. Depending on your use case you
might want to check them out instead of this crate

- [grab](https://github.com/jmhodges/grab)
- [git-grab](https://crates.io/crates/git-grab)
- [gitpm](https://github.com/lukluk/gitpm)
- [git-repo-updater](https://github.com/earwig/git-repo-updater)
- [huber](https://github.com/innobead/huber)
- [topgrade](https://github.com/r-darwish/topgrade)
- [nix](https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Nix_package_manager)

However, I have published this crate. My reasons are:

1. I wanted to easily download, build and install git projects.
2. I wanted to know what I had installed with the package manager.
3. I wanted to update to the latest changes available without having to
manually download the new version and build it.
4. I wanted to be able to always go back to the previous version if things
stopped working.
5. I wanted to uninstall the software once I was done with it.

This requirements came from using the [Helix editor](https://helix-editor.com/)
❤️❤️❤️ before it was as mature as it is today. I still want to follow the
development closer than the releases that they offer, so I created this
(hopefully useful) tool.

# What does it do?

- The things stated in the why section
- Provide some build suggestions
- Some ability to fix your errors and edit the configuration for the projects

# What does it not do

- Automatically know how to build a random project.
- Download exactly the dependencies you need to build the project.
- Ensure that what could be built yesterday can be built today.
- Make a good general purpose package manager


# Known bugs

- You can only install via `https` clones and not `ssh`. Given that you
shouldn't really be interacting with the repos this shouldn't be a mayor
problem, but it's a bummer


# TODO

- Get the projects structure out, and set a trait for it.
- Document, Document, and Document
- Test everything

# Developing

This project is kind of two different things rolled into one. On the one hand
there is the `amisgitpm` and on the other one, every other workspace,
for convenience we will call it `agpm`.

`amisgitpm` is a collection of traits, that when implemented and combined can
potentially result in a working ""package manager"".

<!-- TODO: Finish this section -->


# Building

<!-- TODO: Finish this section -->

Commit message:

Added a lot of documentation, made agpm_store build again
- Created the agpm_project::Project

README.md, after:

# Why

There are several similar tools to this one. Depending on your use case you
might want to check them out instead of this crate

- [grab](https://github.com/jmhodges/grab)
- [git-grab](https://crates.io/crates/git-grab)
- [gitpm](https://github.com/lukluk/gitpm)
- [git-repo-updater](https://github.com/earwig/git-repo-updater)
- [huber](https://github.com/innobead/huber)
- [topgrade](https://github.com/r-darwish/topgrade)
- [nix](https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Nix_package_manager)

However, I have published this crate. My reasons are:

1. I wanted to easily download, build and install git projects.
2. I wanted to know what I had installed with the package manager.
3. I wanted to update to the latest changes available without having to
manually download the new version and build it.
4. I wanted to edit the project setup
5. I wanted to be able to always go back to the previous version if things
stopped working.
6. I wanted to uninstall the software once I was done with it.

This requirements came from using the [Helix editor](https://helix-editor.com/)
❤️❤️❤️ before it was as mature as it is today. I still want to follow the
development closer than the releases that they offer, so I created this
(hopefully useful) tool.

# What does it do?

- The things stated in the why section
- Provide some build suggestions
- Some ability to fix your errors and edit the configuration for the projects

# What does it not do

- Automatically know how to build a random project.
- Download exactly the dependencies you need to build the project.
- Ensure that what could be built yesterday can be built today.
- Make a good general purpose package manager


# Known bugs

- You can only install via `https` clones and not `ssh`. Given that you
shouldn't really be interacting with the repos this shouldn't be a mayor
problem, but it's a bummer


# TODO

- Make everything work again
- Document, Document, and Document
- Test everything

# Developing

This project is kind of two different things rolled into one. On the one hand
there is the `amisgitpm` and on the other one, every other workspace,
for convenience we will call it `agpm`.

`amisgitpm` is a collection of traits, that when implemented and combined can
potentially result in a working ""package manager"".

<!-- TODO: Finish this section -->


# Building

<!-- TODO: Finish this section -->
